Qing'er, believe it or not, I'll go in later.
That prick must have been crying and yelling for me to let him out
At that time
Didn't Ben's mother make all the more excessive demands?
Mother Wang
Didn't Mingyue girl say that he can do medicine?
What if he can cure Fangting's sister?
Impossible 86 disease has no cure
Say
Fang Ting is a person who has one foot in the coffin
If he can be cured
Unless unless what unless?
He is the reincarnation of Hua Tuo
Can live and die
If he really had the ability
I had to get on my knees and beg him
Mother Wang
Morning
Aren't you dying?
How come the red spots on my body have disappeared?
I'm not dreaming
Sister Mingyue saved me
My mom, you must be very disappointed
It's You
You really know how to treat
Isn't this flower willow a incurable disease?
How did you manage that?
Those with poor medical skills did not protect their names
Students are most likely to say that this disease is terminal
Mother Wang, I said I would be a doctor
This is the letter.